# ICML2020
ICML2020 papers with abstract

### 1.Reverse-engineering deep ReLU networks
  David Rolnick, Konrad Kording `[link](https://proceedings.icml.cc/book/3241.pdf)` `[Bibtex](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/1-Bibtex.bib)` `[Metadata](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/1-Metadata.json)` '[Paper](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/1-Paper.pdf)' '[Supplemental](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/1-Supplemental.zip)'
> It has been widely assumed that a neural network cannot be recovered from its outputs, as the  network depends on its parameters in a highly nonlinear way. Here, we prove that in fact it is often possible to identify the architecture, weights, and biases of an unknown deep ReLU network by observing only its output. Every ReLU network defines a piecewise linear function, where the boundaries between linear regions correspond to inputs for which some neuron in the network switches between inactive and active ReLU states. By dissecting the set of region boundaries into components associated with particular neurons, we show both theoretically and empirically that it is possible to recover the weights of neurons and their arrangement within the network, up to isomorphism.
### 2.My Fair Bandit: Distributed Learning of Max-Min Fairness with Multi-player Bandits
  Ilai Bistritz, Tavor Baharav, Amir Leshem, Nicholas Bambos '[link](https://proceedings.icml.cc/book/3242.pdf)' '[Bibtex](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/11-Bibtex.bib)' '[Metadata](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/11-Metadata.json)' '[Paper](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/11-Paper.pdf)'
> Consider N cooperative but non-communicating players where each plays one out of M arms for T turns. Players have different utilities for each arm, representable as an NxM matrix. However, these utilities are unknown to the players. In each turn players receive noisy observations of their utility for their selected arm. However, if any other players selected the same arm that turn, they will all receive zero utility due to the conflict. No other communication or coordination between the players is possible. Our goal is to design a distributed algorithm that learns the matching between players and arms that achieves max-min fairness while minimizing the regret. We present an algorithm and prove that it is regret optimal up to a log(log T) factor. This is the first max-min fairness multi-player bandit algorithm with (near) order optimal regret. 
### 3.Scalable Differentiable Physics for Learning and Control
  Yi-Ling Qiao, Junbang Liang, Vladlen Koltun, Ming Lin '[link](https://proceedings.icml.cc/book/3243.pdf)' '[Bibtex](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/15-Bibtex.bib)' '[Metadata](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/15-Metadata.json)' '[Paper](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/15-Paper.pdf)' '[Supplemental](/static/paper_files/icml/2020/15-Supplemental.pdf)'
> Differentiable physics is a powerful approach to learning and control problems that involve physical objects and environments. While notable progress has been made, the capabilities of differentiable physics solvers remain limited. We develop a scalable framework for differentiable physics that can support a large number of objects and their interactions. To accommodate objects with arbitrary geometry and topology, we adopt meshes as our representation and leverage the sparsity of contacts for scalable differentiable collision handling. Collisions are resolved in localized regions to minimize the number of optimization variables even when the number of simulated objects is high. We further accelerate implicit differentiation of optimization with nonlinear constraints. Experiments demonstrate that the presented framework requires up to two orders of magnitude less memory and computation in comparison to recent particle-based methods. We further validate the approach on inverse problems and control scenarios, where it outperforms derivative-free and model-free baselines by at least an order of magnitude.
